@document.meta
title: 114. The Handle Hook
description: 
authors: mattc
categories: [
  Hook
  Preload
  Sequence
]
created: 2024-01-12T22:09:05+0800
updated: 2024-01-12T22:09:36+0800
version: 1.1.1
@end

* THere are two type of hooks

  SvelteKit provides two types of hooks for us to use.

  .image pic/114/1.png

  The names and positions of hooks are fixed, but if you need to change them, you can go to the SvelteKit configuration file to set them.

  The handler function provides two params. The first param, event, is similar to the event in the load function. The second param, resolve, is equivalent to the original handler function.

* Usage of server hook

  The server hook is mainly used to modify the response.

** check if page route request own endpoint
   The event provides an additional attribute 'isDataRequest' to indicate whether there is a request for its own endpoint.

   .image pic/114/2.png

** return custom response
   .image pic/114/3.png

** add headers
   .image pic/114/4.png


* Options of resolve

  The second argument in the resolve provides three methods as follows.

  .image pic/114/5.png

  Among them, the payload can be used to pre-load data in the head of the generated HTML to speed up page rendering, which is more commonly used. For more detailed usage and the other two options, you can refer directly to the SvelteKit documentation.


* Multiple hooks

  We can have multiple hook functions and connect them using sequence() as follows.

  .image pic/114/6.png

  "Sequence" in its literal sense means executing one after another, it is a pipeline.

