@document.meta
title: 138. \[Exercise Solution\] Showing Validation Error Using the Enhance Action
description: 
authors: mattc
categories: [
  ActionData
  Form Validation
  Form Enhance
]
created: 2024-01-19T11:48:20+0800
updated: 2024-01-19T11:49:03+0800
version: 1.1.1
@end

* Plan

  In the previous lecture, we discussed how to customize the behavior of use:enhance. However, this lecture will focus on the situation where the form and Actions function are not in the same route. Additionally, we will address the issue of use:enhance not being able to update the form and $page.form when using different routes.

  .image pic/137/1.png


* Write enhance function in script

  Because the enhance function involves using "as" for type casting, it must be written inside the script because type casting operations cannot be done in markup.

  .image pic/137/2.png

  However, when writing the enhance function in script, it is necessary to define its type as SubmitFunction.


* Disabled submit button

  .image pic/137/3.png


* CASE: Success - redirect (Default)

  Use applyAction() in the same way to execute the default behavior based on conditions.

  .image pic/137/4.png


* CASE: Error (Custom)

  .image pic/137/5.png

  .image pic/137/6.png


* CASE: Validation fail (Custom)

  This part actually does two things: 1. Display the validation fail message, 2. Keep the value in the input field.

  .image pic/137/7.png

  The default behavior of "use:enhance" in the same route is to write the value of the Actions function response into ActionData. Therefore, we also follow the default behavior to write it. However, it is important to note that the path referencing ActionData must be in the route where the Actions function is located.

  .image pic/137/8.png

  .image pic/137/9.png
